Comment section (#1325)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/comments/comments.md

---
Title: 'C# Comments'
Description: 'Explaining different types of C# comments.'
Subjects: - 'Computer Science'
Tags: 
- 'Syntax'
- 'Comments'
CatalogContent: 'C#-Course'
---

## Comments

A **comment** is a piece of text within a program that is not executed. It can be used to provide additional information to aid in understanding the code.

> ### Single-line Comments

Reviewer: We like for our entries to have Syntax and Example headers, each with a code block and an explanatory sentence. It would be good if you could do this with both the single line comments and the multi line comments. What you have is good for the Example section. The syntax section should use a ```pseudo code block like this:

### Syntax

Single-line comments are created using two consecutive forward slashes. The compiler ignores any text after `//` on the same line:

```pseudo
// Comment goes here
executing code // Comment goes here
```

### Single-line Comments

For single-line comments, the compiler ignores any text after two consecutive forward slashes (`//`) on the same line.

```cs
// Comment goes here
executing code // Comment goes here
```

### Multi-line Comments

Multi-line comments begin with `/*` and end with `*/`. The compiler ignores any text in between.

```cs
/*
This is all commented out.
None of it is going to run!
*/
```

### Example

The following examples show various comment styles:

```cs
// This line will denote a comment in C-sharp.
Console.WriteLine("Hello World!"); // This is a comment.
/*
This is a multi-line
comment.
*/
```

### XML Comments

[XML](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/xml) comments are structured comments that produce [API](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/api) documentation. The C# compiler produces an XML file that contains structured data representing the comments. Other tools can process that XML output to create human-readable documentation in the form of web pages or PDF files, for example.

#### Syntax

> The following is a single line XML comment, which uses three forward slashes (`///`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is a single-line XML comment, which uses three forward slashes (`///`):
```

```cs
/// XML Comment goes here
```

Multi-line XML comments are similar to regular multi-line comments, except that an extra asterisk `*` is used in the opening:

```cs
/**
XML Comments go here
*/
```

#### Example

> XML tags embedded in XML comments are used to signal a specific functionality of the XML comment to the compiler. The `<summary>` tag in the following example describes a type or a member, in this case the public class `MyClass`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
XML tags embedded in XML comments are used to signal a specific functionality of the XML comment to the compiler. The `<summary>` tag in the following example describes a type or a member, in this case, the public class `MyClass`:
```

---
Title: 'C# Comments'
Description: 'A comment is a piece of text within a program that is not executed.'
Subjects: 
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'  
Tags: 
  - 'Syntax'
  - 'Comments'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

A **comment** is a piece of text within a program that is not executed. It can be used to provide additional information to aid in understanding the code.

### Single-line Comments

#### Syntax

Single-line comments are created using two consecutive forward slashes. The compiler ignores any text after `//` on the same line.

```cs
// Comment goes here
executing code // Comment goes here
```

> #### Example

Reviewer 3: I have a few suggestions for this "Example" section:

- Move this entire section to _after_ the "Multi-line Comments" section.
- Change header level from 4 (#### Example) to 3 (### Example).
- Combine all of the \```cs examples into a single \```cs that demonstrates the following:
  - Single-line comments before a line of code.
  - Single-line comments after a line of code.
  - Multi-line comments.

The following example uses a single-line comment before a line of code:

```cs
// This line will denote a comment in C-sharp
Console.WriteLine("Hello World!");
```

The following example uses a single-line comment after a line of code:

```cs
Console.WriteLine("Hello World!"); // This is a comment
```

### Multi-line Comments

> Multi-line comments are created using `/* to begin the comment, and */` to end the comment. The compiler ignores any text in between.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Multi-line comments begin with `/*` and end with `*/`. The compiler ignores any text in between.
```

```cs 
/*
This is all commented out.
None of it is going to run!
*/
```

### XML Comments

> XML comments are structured comments that **produce API documentation**. The C# compiler produces an XML file that contains structured data representing the comments. Other tools can process that XML output to create human-readable documentation in the form of web pages or PDF files, for example.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[XML](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/xml) comments are structured comments that produce [API](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/api) documentation. The C# compiler produces an XML file that contains structured data representing the comments. Other tools can process that XML output to create human-readable documentation in the form of web pages or PDF files, for example.
```

Only the first mention of the entry's topic/concept/term is **bolded**. The

> API docs, or API description documents, are the collection of references, tutorials, and examples that help developers use your API.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

I think this information, as currently written, makes more sense in the existing [API entry](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/api) under the General topic.

#### Syntax

> The following is a single line XML comment:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following is a single line XML comment, which uses three forward slashes (`///`):
```

```cs

> \\\ XML Comment goes here

Reviewer 3: This seems to conflict with what's used in the "Example" section below. Is it three forward slashes, `///`, or three backward slashes `\\\`?

```

> The following is a multi-line XML comment:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Multi-line XML comments are similar to regular multi-line comments, except that an extra asterisk `*` is used in the opening:
```

```cs
/**
XML Comments go here
*/
```

#### Example

> Tags embedded in XML comments are used to signal a specific functionality of the XML comment to the compiler.
> The <summary> tag in the following example describes a type or a member, in this case the public class MyClass.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
XML tags embedded in XML comments are used to signal a specific functionality of the XML comment to the compiler. The `<summary>` tag in the following example describes a type or a member, in this case the public class `MyClass`:
```
